beautiful girl industry well back on
my channel with the new episode of
clash of class of this sum series
many passionate reporter but
before starting I wanted to
thank you all because we are
managed to reach 100 thousand subscribers
in short, I will bother you a lot
but do not worry because in short, in short
the special will arrive we are working on it
maybe that's if you have something if you have
some to advise you let him know
below with a small comment but
without cited talk today
precisely we are here on class as you can
see league came out a beautiful one
fair tower at level 11 let's say
that these last days I also have
played quite a few to succeed in
make certain upgrades e
especially above all as he said point
in the last video the
beautiful hidden tesla at the level you are
you know in short that I had fixed those
as much textiles as I wanted to bring them to
level 8 and precisely cost 5 million e
it takes a good fourteen days though
you can admire that afterwards he makes 87 plus 12 of
damage there is something awesome
and after that for your happiness
I will also upgrade the walls because
it is not possible now to be almost at
level 90 with walls at level 6
of course I have to give to empower
you are right time to time and you know that
slowly we will be able to carry on
on the other hand, today pro is more
binds because I want to go and test
with you cinghialone or i
tamers at level 4 you know in short that
I had strengthened them
now I miss bringing them to the level
superior or the 5 that I think though
in the end, therefore, let's try and
the opponent who is rich with at least one
bottero little because I can not use
tamer for bars or simple attacks
now we will try a moment to see
what will i succeed i am finding gods
great Pipponi and the Madonna at
iron towers when we leave it alone
that one we don't play but not even here
this one is not very strong gi
he approaches a thousand of black lisia and 160 thousand
of normal elixir then or try to
attack him then I would say to penetrate
followed by here to try to split
immediately that mortar meanwhile to the reggina
and we send them so we will send them to the hub and
then we squander the other tamers
all here as you can see also the
potions and of course wishes
here tamers I advise you to use
the potion takes care of the fury personally
the way I see it I don't need much
because they already remove a tamers brothels
they are really deadly and I wanted to
precisely from the network to be with you in
live to see how are level
between level 5 all speak well of me
I say that it really is the deadly and
we can attest that as here anyway
they are plowing the enemy if we also have
since apart from the mortars
let's say the divas look at their theses
and cell all 1 maximum 2 so it is
really a pippone prose that thousand li
black leader who personally my
so we have to do a lot of work
absolutely take it and now tie
all that remains is to take out what
remained tamer apart from these who are
almost all have flown crazy
and then there are clear barbarian and queen
very great barbarity i love it alloy i love it
it will also be a pippone 3 that it is anyway
much stronger the reggina will have
really wash them makes me die then
when it gets even bigger it is
crazy go go go take it layer
which is nice when it becomes all zero
we took everything we have
risked everything goes well in other words not
just like it makes clear biasi though
yes we sucked so what to say
league in short it is also normal that they are
all those tamers left because
we really used so many
emotions I used three care is one
pure and therefore there can be and I repeat that
the opponent was not the strongest at
theme of the word scandalous defenses
we got a nice booty
and maybe here's let me know below
what you'd like to see in the next ones
episodes
now I will do my best to succeed in
take 49 50 thousand are I remember correctly
of black elixir to bring the tamers to
maximum level or level 5
after which we will go to test them together and
finally in war we could do i
asses because they are really deadly
they ride the walls as if it were not
I can tell you what else to tell you then line
this one not talking another tower a
unique level of beautiful black ones that
they are really powerful, they don't see
wait to bring you all that level there
after which he promises that I'm going to do
walls because it bothers me to see in
village half of a color is half of a
other with something allred this for
I repeat everything at the ninety degree level
may have the walls level if therefore
I will go
as he strengthens , the clan is removed
the update will therefore have a potential
live lysis
therefore nothing regresses down and down
hector increasingly taken more and more
fomented by a video game like crash or
class everything you remember leaving a
little comment below let me know
in short, what I'd like to see in
upcoming episodes as you remember
raise a little I like the little one
sharing and also passing by
page
the ups and downs will be extremely important
I embrace the kiss as always
you are so phenomenal you are
fantastic and we'll see each other soon
with the special of the one hundred thousand I reign
I really know what to say let me
you are always a kiss without words
beautiful I want you a good of the soul
detector has everything sa samples